Comp 115 artistic drawing project of an underwater scene created using Python!
I created this drawing by utilizing the module Turtle and by writing my own code that conducted what turtle should draw and at what coordinates. To begin my drawing I changed the background of my screen to light blue by using the "window.bgcolor()" code and changed my pen to a dark blue to begin drawing the sea using the code "pen.color()" and set coordinates for the pen to start at and told it where to draw so the pen could draw an outline of where I wanted the sea to be. In order to fill in the outline i had made for the sea i used the code "pen.begin_fill()" before the pen began to draw and "pen.end_fill()" after the pen was done drawing. I used the same basic code to create the sand. To draw the starfish i first changed my pen color and set coordinates for where i wanted them to be drawn. To actually create the star fish I used a for loop code to create each point for the starfish ans used the "end_fill() code to fill in the starfish. I ussed the same idea for a for loop to create the zigzag shape of the seaweed, telling the pen to go forward and turn however much i wanted to create the length i desired. For the fish i set their coordinates and used the "pen.circle()" code to create a circle however big or small i wanted and then a for loop code to create a traingle for the tail. I used the same circle code to create the bubbles in different sizes and coordinates, but did not use the "end_fill()" code to fill them in. For the rock it was similar to making a circle, however i used a code to make a semi-circle instead of a circle which was "pen.circle(50, 180)" the 50 was to set the size of the semi-circle and 180 was of course for the semi-circle itself. For the clouds i used a similar semi-circle code to create the tops of the clouds but altered the size of the semi-circle for each bump in the cloud. Finally for the signature at the bottom of the drawing i set the pen's coordinates and used the code "pen.write()" to write whatever words i wanted. I chose to sign my name at the bottom of my drawing. 
